docs: add 0.47 to docs (#13852)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/README.md

        },
      ```

* Add the new version sidebar to the list of versionned sidebar and add the version to `versions.json`.
* Update the latest version (`presets[1].docs.lastVersion`) in `docusaurus.config.js`.

> * Add the new version with a correct path (`vX.X`) in presets[1].docs.versions in `docusaurus.config.js`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Add the new version with a correct path (`vX.X`) in `presets[1].docs.versions` in `docusaurus.config.js`.
```

        },
      ```

* Add the new version sidebar to the list of versionned sidebar and add the version to `versions.json`.
* Update the latest version (`presets[1].docs.lastVersion`) in `docusaurus.config.js`.

> * Add the new version with a correct path (`vX.X`) in `presets[1].docs.versions` in `docusaurus.config.js`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Add the new version with a correct label (`X.X`) in `presets[1].docs.versions` in `docusaurus.config.js`.
```
